Research and analyze which of the vulnerabilities appear to be related to the code that was deployed for the environment in this project.

1) Account password policy for IAM users requires minimum password length.
2) Elastic Load Balancing doesnot have deletion protection disabled
3) EBS volumes that are in an attached state are not encrypted
4) Logging is not enabled for Application Load Balancer and the Classic Load Balancer
5) password reuse is not prevented
6)  account password policy for IAM users is not set to expire
7)  Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance metadata version is not configured with Instance Metadata Service Version 2 (IMDSv2).
8) AWS CloudTrail trails are not configured to send logs to Amazon CloudWatch logs.
9) CloudTrail logs are not encrypted at rest using KMS CMKs
10) HTTP listeners of Application Load Balancers do not have HTTP to HTTPS redirection configured.
11) he value of routing.http.drop_invalid_header_fields.enabled is set to false.
12) point in time recovery is not enabled for Amazon DynamoDB tables
13) Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS) encryption is not enabled
14) publicIp field is present in the Amazon EC2 instance configuration item.
15)  S3 buckets have policies that require requests to not use Secure Socket Layer (SSL).

Bonus - provide recommendations on how to remediate the vulnerabilities.

1) Account password policy for IAM users should require minimum password length.
2) Elastic Load Balancing should deletion protection disabled
3) EBS volumes that are in an attached state should be encrypted
4) Logging should be enabled for Application Load Balancer and the Classic Load Balancer
5) Password reuse should prevented
6) Account password policy for IAM users should be set to expire
7) Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance metadata version should be configured with Instance Metadata Service Version 2 (IMDSv2).
8) AWS CloudTrail trails should be configured to send logs to Amazon CloudWatch logs.
9) CloudTrail logs should be encrypted at rest using KMS CMKs
10) HTTP listeners of Application Load Balancers should always have HTTP to HTTPS redirection configured.
11) The value of routing.http.drop_invalid_header_fields.enabled should be set to true.
12) Point in time recovery should be enabled for Amazon DynamoDB tables
13) Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS) encryption should always be enabled
14) PublicIp field should not be present in the Amazon EC2 instance configuration item.
15) S3 buckets have policies that require requests to always use Secure Socket Layer (SSL).

